# LoRa-Shrimp-Monitoring-Control
Abstract: The shrimp farming industry in Ecuador, renowned for its shrimp breeding and exportation, faces challenges due to diseases related to variations in abiotic factors during the maturation stage. This is partly attributed to the traditional methods employed in shrimp farms. Consequently, a prototype has been developed for monitoring and controlling abiotic factors using IoT technology. The proposed system consists of three nodes communicating through the LoRa interface. For control purposes, a fuzzy logic system has been implemented that evaluates temperature and dissolved oxygen abiotic factors to determine the state of the aerator, updating the information in the ThingSpeak application. A detailed analysis of equipment energy consumption and the maximum communication range for message transmission and reception was conducted. Subsequently, the monitoring and control system underwent comprehensive testing, including communication with the visualization platform. The results demonstrated significant improvements in system performance. By modifying parameters in the microcontroller, a 2.55-fold increase in battery durability was achieved. The implemented fuzzy logic system enabled effective on/off control of the aerators, showing a corrective trend in response to variations in the analyzed abiotic parameters. The robustness of the LoRa communication interface was evident in urban environments, achieving a distance of up to 1 km without line of sight.
## ⭐ When using this resource, please cite the original publication:
- [José M. Pereira Pontón, Verónica Ojeda, Víctor Asanza, Leandro L. Lorente-Leyva and Diego H. Peluffo-Ordóñez, “Design and Implementation of an IoT Control and Monitoring System for the Optimization of Shrimp Pools using LoRa Technology” International Journal of Advanced Computer Science and Applications(IJACSA), 14(8), 2023. http://dx.doi.org/10.14569/IJACSA.2023.0140829](https://thesai.org/Publications/ViewPaper?Volume=14&Issue=8&Code=IJACSA&SerialNo=29)
